Feat: Wrap Keycload tools inside packages folder + add demo package (#3)
marmelab/ra-keycloak: packages/demo/README.md

# React-admin Simple Example

This a simple example built with [react-admin](https://github.com/marmelab/react-admin).
This version uses [ra-keycloak](https://github.com/marmelab/ra-keycloak).

## How to run

Inside the demo folder, run:

> ```sh

Reviewer: duplicate line

```sh
make install
```

> You can launch a `Keycloak` server, a datebase `Postgres` and the `React-admin` via the command 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can launch a Keycloak server, a Postgres database and the react-admin Admin app via the command:
```
